gh-91565 Simple changes to reflect new bug reporting location. (#91568)
python/cpython: Mac/README.rst

   configure: WARNING: libintl.h:     section "Present But Cannot Be Compiled"
   configure: WARNING: libintl.h: proceeding with the preprocessor's result
   configure: WARNING: libintl.h: in the future, the compiler will take precedence
   configure: WARNING:     ## ------------------------------------------------------- ##

>    configure: WARNING:     ## Report this to https://github.com/python/cpython/issues ##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   configure: WARNING:     ## Report this to https://devguide.python.org/tracker/ ##
```
